Alrighty, so let's get started
with our development process, so in the first step here
we're going to run our database script.
So let's move into our web browser
and download the database script.
Simply go to the link that I have here on the slide,
and that'll download the file to your file system.
Let's go ahead and navigate over
to where that file is located, I'll unzip it.
So there's two files here, one is the SQL file
that we'll use for setting up our tables,
and then there's another JSON file that we'll use later
when we get into the part
of actually running our application.
So let's go ahead and open up MySQL Workbench
and we'll open up that SQL file.
So first I'll connect,
and then I'll open up that SQL script
that I just downloaded.
And now I'll just go ahead and execute this SQL.
Great, so we have all green at the bottom, that's good,
let's go over here and Refresh All.
And we should have some new tables here,
one for address, one for customer, order_item and orders.
So these tables are created,
we can see the relationship with the tables here
by looking at the diagram that I have here on the screen.
Now let's go ahead and take a look at some of the tables
and see what's out there, so I'll go to orders.
Okay, right now it's empty,
which makes sense, we haven't done anything yet,
and a similar thing for the other tables, they're all empty.
Once we run our code and run our application
then we'll start populating these tables with data.